!!stats Comments
!!stats Karma
!!stats Karma
!!stats Karma
!!stats Karma
!!stats Karma
!!stats Trophies
!!stats Trophies
!!stats Trophies
!!stats Trophies
So i can't get it from the current user under the redditor class? which in this case is the person w
!!stats Comments
Good Bot
So heres what I have:
It seems kinda obvious to me that none of the writers have ever had a dog.
Yeah Era 2 is really good, I recommend it- but stormlight blows everything else out of the water. Yo
Have you read stormlight yet?
Yes I was very confused at first.
I’ve considered getting this game for a long time. Is it worth it? (I’m on PC)
SeE yOu iN hOT
These are so cool
Ye
Ah lol
What is TiC? I think the two mods I have that add ores are IE and tinkers.
Cool, thanks!
Whenever you download a jar your computer will freak out and say it’s not safe- mcaffe is probably j
Not sure about anyone else but my survival bases always end up being really nice holes in the side o
Do something to spruce up that really long tunnel! Also power the rails with red stone blocks so you
Why does that pig look like it belongs in five nights at Freddy’s....
Looks good! Expand a lot into the land, and don’t give up
Know what mod specifically this is?
Nice sled
My hungry ass thought it was a chicken salad sandwich at first
Era 1 will end with the 5th stormlight, then there will be another five book era 2 with new people. 
thx
Gild me
Very true
I have a horizontal 27” with a vertical 22” on each side, and I find it perfect. Personal preference
Yes, but there’s not much point if it’s a photo. The purpose of a green screen is to have a moving, 
I had this exact thought when I saw that post lol
Same
And you make a neat gun
I won’t play the game without that mod
Here’s the real question: Did you kill Paarthurnax?
Is that what he says? I can never hear over the noise of getting out of my prawn
Nice
!pvst
Don’t forget the 16gb of ram! It’s a big difference, and you’ll definitely notice it. 
Seconded. The build in your post is really mismatched, you’ll be experiencing bottlenecks especially
I always do a “yard”- an area fenced in by the defensive concrete walls coming off my base, then mak
Wait
Is it bad that I automatically checked to see if uranium fever was up on the map...
No, they can spawn there, but it’s very rare. I also found one- was confused and someone on the disc
Wait was she depressed? Been awhile since I read mistborn
oof
Fully agreed
At first I thought it was a hobbit hole...
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie.
F
r/rareinsults 
Nice setup! (Now that you’ve taken the photo you can put all your desktop clutter back!)
Thanks!
Depending on the Tim Hortons, at least some of them have nice bathrooms. 
!pvst
Hsaom Kcuf
D
F
Dey derk a durrr!
I love the oatmeal
I think it’s supposed to be dalinar, the colours are just off because of artistic choices- but I cou
I’ve been there since day one too... still going lol. I’ve played off and on since launch. 
?
U
You can’t, it’s only a mod for the Java Edition using forge.
And he fucked a girl he had turned into a snake
I wonder what unit you would use to measure seals
I mean we all know who’s going to rule West Virginia in the end so...
Yeah I have an outside ‘yard’ with my lead extractor, small purifiers and plants (I mean if you real
How did you end up doing it lol
On mobile tap on your profile then bottom right of that pop up bar is a button
Yeah it’s weird. I built a camp and maxed out budget, didn’t touch anything, and a few days later I 
That’s worth a lot of it’s max level. 
I have better inventory installed and now that save my stuff is gone everything is good. But I did j
Nope, just the one account. Weird. 
Thanks, I think the problem was save my stuff
u/Ladydevann - is there any word on being able to rename crafted/modded items? Specifically power ar
That’s the best pirate I’ve ever seen
So it would seem
If you hold those screws until tomorrow at like 2pm I’ll pay 450 caps for them
Can you add me back?
+karma
Can you add me back?
Added you! I can donate stuff for t51 jet pack and some calibrated shocks
Damn. Thanks though!
yeet
Also because it’s fun as hell. Even if I could have saved like $100 on a build that is the same pric
Yeah fuck that guy
This is an Easter egg to that- this guy will always be hostile/dead. 
Ah okay then you need to buy them from someone. If you are a level 20 or below, they very easily spa
I’m pretty sure they do, but I could be wrong. 
What level are you?
Holy shit he has a lot of karma 
M
!remindme 10 hours
r/softwaregore
Best memory was my first boot- so satisfying!
Same. Best case. 
YOU SHALL NOT PASS
Unorthodox boast but alas
Yeah I did it as a joke lol. And it’s fun to two hit dragons with a wooden sword. 
Lol I have a level 80 character where I use that sword as a main weapon. I just enchanted it with al
u/nolanhep
r/killthecameraman 
Same! Except skeleton ship figurehead. 
People are dicks. Or maybe he feels a sense of power he doesn’t get in real life by doing that to so
Looks good! May want to plug in the power to your GPU though!
I love the ornata. It may not be mechanical but it’s still excellent!
T
A
G
Hisss light theme
IM GONNA SAY THE N WORD
I have every corner memorized and my heart still does 300bpm when exploring it
That’s like the shotgun in red brick in tilted 
God Damnnit Karen
And to pay $20 for them.... hopefully Bethesda rethinks their pricing. 
I
K
M
A
M
J 
A
My RGB cpu cooler allows it to never go over 20c under 100% old at 4.9ghz OC
I’m a level 10 with all the basic blueprints right now.... still made a cozy wooden house but can’t 
God damnnit Karen 
I used to do that with a stick and knockback to knock my friends off towers
Upvoting for apple notes
Fuck outta this sub
Whoever wears that shirt is an instant sex God. 
Damnnit Karen 
Scrumptious 
How does that happen? I’ve had it happen to my friends a few times. 
r/uselessgreencircle
Bigtime
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
!remindme 1 hour
Collect all 3 to master the task manager
JuST EaT DIrT
Blep 
I think alt f4 ends it instantly, whereas windows button sometimes doesn’t work. It doesn’t matter t
S H I T
 H O L Y
I don’t think I’ve ever not closed a game with alt-f4. Do that instead of the lengthy process of clo
That case is where it’s at
My uncle gave me a bunch of early 2000s era pcs that were destined for the trash. I now have 3 new c
Seconded. 
Canadian
r/foundthemobileuser
Hey that’s my ginger ale
r/foundthemobileuser
Polar bear can fit a gorillas entire head in it’s mouth. They’re also about 3x the size and have mas
r/expectedthanos
God damnnit. 
Simple suggestion: get the 570x mirror black. It’s newer than all other 570x cases, has USB-C suppor
And a final buzzing gold bee
G
You see, this is why I want this game. Making stuff like this. But everyone tells me it’s broken and
Is this game a cop?
It’s not even an inn it’s a fletcher shop lol
Never run out of money again basically. You find gems literally everywhere. 
Just you wait.... the next two books will blow your mind. Also read the mistborn era 1 series. Those
I swear only a streamer would hit shots like that
Oof
You’re only a few pages away- that section of the book is really cool. 
Noir = best skin
r/subsyoufellfor
r/bonehurtingjuice 
Fully thought this was an assassins creed game at first. 
A few... (:
There is none. I checked spoiler by accident when posting. 
Wasn’t clear on the subreddit rules.....
Agreed
You do find gems literally everywhere afterwards though. Never worry about septims again. 
F
If anyone cares about all the deleted comments:
r/programmerhumor is leaking
It’s trained to bite the arm holding the gun so the shooter can’t shoot anymore
u/thesquatingdog
Content aware fill is a lifesaver 
Always liked this meme
Probably not considering there’s only one place to get games on console if you do t want to buy a di
That variant of the case looks sick
https://discordapp.com/invite/nhdbr8d
Big reee
Mods have of the large gay
Also join the Fortnite discord
Wait for the last 20% of the book you’ll be shitting yourself
r/beetlejuicing
Calamity
L
r/bending
64
That horse the large one actually fits a ryshadium’s description really well
And have some guys who take an oath to never get laid guard it
I have Speedyboi(C:) and Thiccboi(D:) an m.2 and a big ass hdd
D
The whole skin is rather meh, but people liked it because it distinguished them as “OG”. It still se
Theres a mod for everything. There’s a mod that turns dragons into giant Thomas the tank engines. So
r/bonehurtingjuice 
r/bonehurtingjuice
Doot 
r/woooosh confirmed. 
Lol
Did you drop your camera while taking the photo?
It’s actually pronounced L Ä M P
Happy cake day
Good sir
Already on multiple instagrams, uncredited......
To be precise: a murder. 
10 series cards? What are you talking about? Personally I don’t think a 20% performance increase is 
GTX 1080 or 1070ti or even 1060 if budgeted. 
I have that exact combo ur looking at (i7 8700k and GTX 1080). Absolute beast at anything I throw at
Luckily there’s a cushion behind me
Happy cake day
r/bonehurtingjuice 
If the monitor is 1080p ur good
Heavy load (gaming) I never go over 45 c. 
The ones at the front do but I installed the one at the back myself. 
Corsair crystal 570x mirror black (the glass panel is off)
Thanks!
Flair
Yeah there’s a bay in the back
Just built in that case- love it so much!
Happy cake day!
The only thing I ever used edge for. 
Corsair crystal 570x mirror black.... ik everyone has some variant of this case but it looks cool lo
Lol it’s a mirror black case so when I would try to take pics with the lights on it would just be a 
Love that cooler, it looks so clean in my build
Put a cover of some sort over it when not in use. Instant dust proofing 
Happy cake day
I have been saving for a while, and have a good budget- already have a 1080 founders. I want to be a
It is also comparable to an old fashioned boom box 
r/subsyoufellfor
Try restarting your computer..... if not contact ASUS 
A fellow user of the hunter cutlass
Lord of the rings looking shit
Yes agreed
I just played with 2 guys who thought a foul bounty skull was what the x was marking on their map...
Gotta get that 30 crimson ninroots though
Wanted to upvote but has 111 upvotes
Malfoy Manor
Monitors?
Get a VESA mount for ur monitors
What are the monitors 
I feel stupid but what’s RNG
This glitch is very common- and gets posted about a lot. that’s probably what he meant by repost. Bu
VIGILANCE IS KEY
It’s not like it was in the season intro cinematic or anything 
It is an option when you first buy the pass, if you own it already you cannot get that option
..........
The Oatmeal FTW
Try logging in to ur account on pc or mobile
Doesn’t matter pancakes are more important 
r/madlads 
The amount of kills I’ve gotten pumping someone then finishing them off with something like a drum g
F
8 hours
Yes
~~wow~~
 Um I’ve been at teir 100 for almost a month now... didn’t buy, and don’t play all that much (level 
i5 2400k & GTX 750 Ti (he got it a few years ago)
F
I became a vampire just to repeatedly feed on Nazeem and only Nazeem 
Rustlabs FTW
RUSTLABS ALL THE WAY
Yes one of the amazon prime pickaxes. I think it’s actually my personal favourite. 
This game be bugged
Yeah it’s completely random once u reach a certain level that it may be in a boss chest
Mods are gay
Nice
Yep, that happens to everyone! Gotta love Bethesda 
r/Skyrim 
I bought the season 3 pass with 18 days left and grinded challenges, but still needed to buy the 10 
Also the amount of fun u can have creating wild random shit in the workshop in that game is endless,
I smell rust gameplay
lol fallout 4 would be pretty shit without building compared to their other games
But that IS the point of the game
You get an upvote
F
Pls helk 
Yeah look at the leaked skins one is a starter pack
Big boi lag
No editing needed
Good bot
U can climb the rocks and go around it
Wowza
I’d be curious to see what you can spot from the replay
ELEVENTHED
Which one?
Lol me too
How do u mount the gpu like that?
He was an EEL
Very good yes
Nice!
F
Which case is that? Looks awesome!
IKEA Fredde workstation
What’s the side monitor?
Are those identical monitors? If so, which ones?
Yed
Ur gay
Nice Blinds
My bad. Also, I think they’re fixing it in the new update (watch shadowfrax’s latest)
Just means it didn’t load properly. It’ll come back, it’s a glitch that happens sometimes. 
Yep
Oof
Grab a mercenary
Private property, and it’s surrounded by reef (getting it out would probably cost more than the retu
If you have any follower altering mods at all it doesn’t seem to work (I uninstalled mine and it wor
This also allows you to summon daedric armour and weapons from the atronarch forge (just throwing th
Build weapon workshop and build all ur dwellers good weapons
I downloaded a mod on Xbox to let me keep him alive but I guess u can’t do that on switch 😕
Thiccc computer
Use the dawngaurd follower people it’s rly funny
That doesn’t sound normal but just go to solitude and get the steed stone it gives you the weightles
Didn’t say he wasn’t amazing just said he was ugly 
Dawnguard dogs or the big ugly boi you buy at markarth
Anyone else notice that’s Canada Dry ginger ale
